14 November 2018
Minutes

Paul reviews most recent version of the application
	Paul sees each event has its own time length
	The admin should have the ability to change the time per event

Paul knows we will be working on scheduling and reporting
	Reports should be somewhat completed Sunday after Thanksgiving

	He will be able to run tests over the Winter break

	Scheduler -> Hope to have a basic one done at end of sprint
	But a working one will be worked on for the next sprint


Discuss logistics of class and application
	Next semester goals, such as polishing, team scoring

Questions for Paul
	Admin view
		Does he want another tab or a separate table?

	Admin creates a county, each county has at least one head coach who can add more head coaches

	Paul does not want to enter coaches and counties separate
		Admins should be able to add players just like head coaches

	County-add: Drop-down or type-in
		Originally it was going to be type-in, because of counties that are not related to the county

		Are clubs associated with counties?
			No
		Multiple counties could accumulate to become one club

		We will change counties to clubs in the database

		Paul likes drop-downs because of human error

		Add-coach form will have a club drop-down

	Adding a club -> does it mean it has to have a head coach?
		Not immediately, since it might not be known who the coach is.
		When you create a club, it will require having at least a generic coach until you know their information

	There are three types of adults
		Coaches on site
		Volunteer running the competition
			Doesn't have to pay for housing and meals
		Parents that come to watch
		Coordinators are from the club that does secretary stuff but isn't a coach
		
		Will need a checkbox that identifies who they are.

	Transitioning to a new year
		A competition is per year
		A button ends the competition
			Clears the competitors, coaches, heats, and stashes them away

		Hopefully we can still pull old information like players and events into the new competition
			New ones will have to be added and old ones can be deleted by the club's head coach
			Birthday will be an idicator to automatically remove someone
			Clubs will also hopefully stick around, but old accounts will need to be removed

			Clubs need to be able to skip a year

		Competitions tab -> Shows years and controls the others
			Competitions need a foreign key to all the players

	Events tab
		Gets a name, time, length
		Some players should only be able to enter certain events?
			There are a couple of events only open to some age groups.
		Some events are mutually exclusive?
			

	We've been working under the assumption that we can decide the number of heats to schedule.
		This is okay with Paul.
		The scheduler can place things wherever, but some things might be more desireable.
		Paul can change the schedule as needed
		Based on number of shooters, can we get a break/catch-up period for shooters?
			Would be nice

	Currently we are trying to get it so that there are more than one admin running it.
		Paul would like a button to add more admins on the interface.

We will be meeting next Wednesday after Thanksgiving
	6:30?

